one
hello friends from youtube others quito
Teruel is this video will teach you
How to download mario kart super circuit
good what they have to do to go to their
browser
put the description link I'm going to
leave 21 of the game and another of the emulator or
employment go to the game the link of the
game they copy and paste it up here
after more than this page not
close are expected
like five seconds or six
and they have released advertising that says
jump bracelet
after sending this page
they give you this little green button and
it is automatically download the game yo
I do not do it because I have here in the
desk that then go towards the
emulator
they copy it
they stick it the same here
send us the same page you expect 5
seconds
in the holy church
same is our page
the little green button is the same
download automatically
after they already have the two files
the two files
valencia 15 visual boy advance click
right this here are expected in
standard this folder opens it later
here is the emulator the right click
difficulty with administrator
he opens these
you are given here open van towards the game
mario the case for the circuit
they give him to open and here is his game
well hope you like this video
subscribe to the channel so that the new ones
videos they automatically go out on
start on youtube or in your email
electronic
simply the one that sara bassán mi
covers and on facebook www.facebook.com
diagonal tv tottil good 15 spirit
goodbye tours